Update customization documents (#1)
tw-mosip/documentation: docs/customisation/workflow-customization.md

* [react-native-fs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-fs) - stores the encrypted VC as a separate file,

## auth.ts

This state machine helps to set up authentication for the application. It allows users to choose between biometric and passcode-based authentication on the first launch. It also updates the app state as authorized or unauthorized based on user action on first launch.

On first launch, once the user selects language preference, and goes through intro sliders, user has been asked to choose the unlock method.

After selecting the unlock method as passcode or biometric, the user is navigated to Home screen Once user is on home screen, app state is considered as authorized. Once a user logs out from settings, the state is considered as unauthorized.

## vc.ts

This state machine takes care of the VC received in Inji as a Wallet or Verifier.
When Inji is being used as a Wallet, all the user-downloaded VCs are displayed on the Home screen.

It also keeps track of sharing VC over BLE. When Inji is being used as a Verifier, all received VCs are displayed under the Received Card option in Settings.

## ExistingMosipVCItemMachine.ts

> This state machine takes care of VC downloaded via UIN/VID. This contains all the activities/state related to VC like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This state machine takes care of VC downloaded via OTP based flow. This contains all the activities/state related to VC like:
```

lets check in with `Swati Periwal` on the correct business term here.

Author: I used UIN/VID as on UI also we also display Download via UIN/VID

Author: Will add these comment in PR raised against mosip org
